Added reference to microREPL (#785)
bbcmicrobit/micropython: docs/devguide/repl.rst

The `Mu Editor <https://codewith.mu/en/tutorials/1.1/repl>`_ has built-in
support for REPL and even includes a real-time data plotter.

> `mircorepl` is probably the easiest to use of all serial terminals,
> `microREPL <https://github.com/ntoll/microrepl>`. It auto-detects to microbit
> and knows the data transmision speed. To quit press ``CTRL`` + ``]`` on your
> keyboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mircorepl` is probably the easiest to use of all serial terminals,
`microREPL <https://github.com/ntoll/microrepl>`_ is an easy to use python
serial terminal, that can detect and connect to the micro:bit automatically.
To exit the application press ``CTRL`` + ``]`` on your keyboard.
```

> `mircorepl` is probably the easiest to use of all serial terminals,
> `microREPL <https://github.com/ntoll/microrepl>`_ is an easy to use python
> serial terminal, that can detect and connect to the micro:bit automatically.
> To exit the application press ``CTRL`` + ``]`` on your keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`microREPL <https://github.com/ntoll/microrepl>`_ is an easy to use python
serial terminal that detects and connects to the micro:bit automatically.
To exit microREPL press ``CTRL`` + ``]`` on your keyboard.
```
